[Music]
very good my dearest lover of the
heart How are you I hope you're having
a spectacular day pay attention and
get comfortable with what I'm going to tell you
because it's a tough call the things they
allow in this production company okay there are
many times when people are
starting a job or in a
new company they have to drag themselves
as much as possible to keep extending
the contract I imagine not in this case
I'm going to talk about this guy Mateo
we have already talked about him on some occasions
because when he performed at the Sálvame Media
Fest this one no that the guy sang there and
did a performance no this guy is a
writer for the Rocio
Carrasco documentaries okay he's from the
Rocio Carrasco documentary team Rocio
Carrasco says she's like his godmother
okay for him well at the time
we discovered that this guy
had dedicated his Twitter account in a
repulsive way in a repulsive way to Rocio
Flores and to anyone who was against
Rocio Carrasco and now not even
opposed okay No no not even
opposed also to everyone  that I do not
support Rocio Carrasco and you're going to see
below not all of this started
with this tweet okay This tweet today
seems repulsive to me
repulsive with this it does not begin sorry with
this it begins My idea of ​​making the
video but I've been checking the account
and you're going to see This is repulsive what a
way what a way of making a living
because they know what the
television factory rewards Miguel Frigenti already said it
eh On one occasion that he
did all this and all the things he
was doing it was because he knew And
because it is known that in that way you are
more called to work that's why Miguel
Frigenti said things like either children are
worth it
remember that he has a
daughter called Lola How long has it been since he
saw her or that one doesn't make money what a
disgusting comment okay I mean if
you want to criticize Antonio David because
you believe Rocio Carrasco and you want to
criticize the entire environment of the
blue tide and everyone who questions
Carrasco you can do it I mean it
really is legitimate and I would not be
anyone to say otherwise when
here  on this channel we are dedicated to
freely expressing our opinions on whatever we want
but man, don't go online. It would
never occur to me to mess with
Belén Rodríguez's youngest daughter if she
had a little girl, okay, why does he have to
mention Lola here and on top of that,
lying? No, because Antonio David says it's been a
long time since he saw her, well, he watches her all
week, I mean, it literally costs me, it literally costs me that he
watches her all
week, I mean, he doesn't have to
make a video on YouTube Hey, I'm
here with my little daughter, okay, this guy
Maybe what he doesn't know is that Rocío
Carrasco was the first to expose
those children to the press. Rocío Carrasco
was the one who taught Antonio
David when he was born to sell exclusives. The children
of Rocío Carrasco and Antonio David
Flores are in the media because their mother
was the first to do exclusives every
time she gave birth, okay, and not only when
she gave birth but also when she won. The
shared culture, when she fought with her
father and when she separated
too, not that series of things, no,
then man, the same, the same
Antonio David is doing well in not
exposing the girl  the same Antonio David I
think he is being right about
not exposing the girl Here my dearest
Juan that I have realized this tweet
thanks to him does not learn from Your colleague
Kiko Hernandez and stop citing minors
and if you do at least do not lie it is
clear that the quarry of the
television factory is coming on strong Oh and when you
start sending resumes Do not say
that you work in the television factory
that is being investigated in the
lux operation champion what Juan is saying
is completely
true okay Not only that it is being
investigated that it is being investigated
for well for some very
serious crimes Okay for some very serious crimes
but also well you already know
that one day I released a video While
I was tattooing a video like this with my
cell phone not in which I warned you and
announced that save me had already had days
numbered because they had thoughts of
closing them no Then no I was not
wrong in the news okay I mean do not
think that I was wrong in the news and
that in the end they gave me
false information  No, what happens is that in the world
of television things change from one day
to the next. What is being announced today may
happen tomorrow has changed
radically. Yes, they were going to close down
Sálvame, the ratings were on the
floor. I think this was at the beginning of
summer, I think it was when I told you about it. You
won't remember perfectly the end
of Sálvame, they are going to remove Sálvame
and it was true in fact the workers
at the television factory, like
this one for example, were putting out CVs. They
were literally putting out
CVs out there and
everyone who works in Fuencarral knows this. They were
putting out CVs because they had an
uncertain future. Okay, in the end they
raised the ratings a bit and for the
moment the program is continuing. No,
look at that guy, what you have to do
to earn a living, poor
Antonio David is doing. Well, the poor guy, they
're not that innocent. No,
but what I'm saying is, he's not
messing with anyone, okay, what he's
doing here is a video of his Setup
for those who don't know.  what is a Setup
is the good one the studio you record in not
the background the decoration that you have in the
background not the Setup and the equipment that you have
the computer and so on no and look what
the guy says I suggest this new
Setup proposals for future
videos
and then I would say to him here
why don't you suggest this to your
bosses so that they can broadcast the next one from there save me
when the trial
of the looks operation is over I wonder eh
in a totally harmless way I
suggest you start lining up at the
SEPE because soon you're going to be out of
work our dear Juan tells him here I
think he answers him I think he
answered him But well I couldn't care less about
the answer the SEPE for those who do
n't know this is what you can read it
okay But well it comes to be the INEM okay
look at the answers the
statements and the publications that
this guy Mateo makes to keep his
job not what the
quarry of the TV factory is okay I
'm going to keep quiet about what I think of Rocío
Flores in Ana Rosa but they're already wanting to
hurt Rocío  Carrasco look at this
no for example no in case anyone is
surprised that Gloria Camila defends
Rocío Flores and Antonio David to the death no let's
see Gloria Camila here to start
here Gloria Camila could be 15 years old
14 I don't know okay I don't know if this boy has
never fought in
adolescence okay I mean yes I have
fought little because I have not been a
person who likes that type of
things but on some occasion you have
fought because I don't know why someone maybe you have
n't fought because you
looked for it maybe you have fought
Because someone you have had to
defend yourself no in this case Gloria Camila
who was very choni was very cani we are not
going to deny that Nor because it is the
reality but Gloria Camila was
being reprimanded by people who are
messing with her father So no matter how much
the father wanted it and bad things or whatever
in the end a daughter feels things for the
father that hurt her No if you still don't
see that Olga Rocío Flores Antonio David
are such for any of you how they take out
of context that Olga
who by the way won survivor
This  there chopping wood and saying
who I'm remembering no I mean Excuse me
excuse me what's wrong with saying that I mean
what would be the problem and here I'm
going to be making fun of Marina
Hernal from Raquel Mosquera here that her
photo you're proud no because she has a
photo with Rocío Carrasco not
watching this season as if the
protagonists were my first cousins ​​aunts and
siblings from this moment on these
are my two parents well Mateo I
inform you that these couldn't be your
parents because they weren't in love and they
weren't together okay I mean they were
separated each one had another partner
so they would have parents but they would also
have a stepfather and stepmother okay here he's
messing with Jesús Manuel Ruiz okay
withdrawal of the chicken strain Blanca from the
envelope with so many professions with so many
professions he's not laughing at Jesús Manuel
when he's literally an intern at
the TV factory I admit that almost
all of my favorite horror movies
start here no I mean almost all of my
favorite movies start like this no I mean I don't
know he's messing with Marta
here's the guy at risk in his studio he's the guy literally in  her studio
a photograph of Rocío Carrasco on the
desk are worth marked a photo of
Rocío Carrasco with Rocío Jurado
you are some creeps Okay cynical and
Shameless is an understatement for me because
Antonio David is saying
zero tolerance against
gender violence not against real
gender violence anyway you can get bored okay
here again he says that the apartment the one
who goes to Anthony David after their
separation in jail here he messes with
Diego Arrabal because he asks because he lives
off YouTube it's like and if you
have literally put
the second season of the documentary on my TV Plus platform for a fee
here he
also messes with Gloria Camila's Mental Health
anyway a little gem no what you have to
do to thrive in the
TV factory family What do you think I am probably
right with your thoughts but anyway
put whatever you want in the
comment box I send you a huge hug and
until the next video
[Music]